Add POSIX MTC mirror README (#1029)
transparency-dev/trillian-tessera: cmd/mtc/mirror/posix/README.md

        │
        ├── 2ee6a567373ee0c7d6783ae6633e61...  # Each subdirectory is named as the lower-cased SHA256 hash of the
        ├── cf89f0e5f78e09351f0fa84efa5bc3...  # corresponding log origin.
        └── ...
```

It is strongly recommended that each individual mirror's log data directory (i.e. those _under_ `public/mirrors/`)
be its own filesystem mountpoint, with ZFS being the recommended filesystem. This requires a small amount of
effort to set up per-mirror, but has a number of benefits:
  1. Disk resources are clearly delineated between mirror instances, and can be reallocated as needed.
  2. It's easy to place individual mirrors on different storage devices/volumes.
  3. When the mirror of a log is no longer required, e.g. because a source log has been retired and the mirror's
     copy is no longer useful, the filesystem containing that mirror's data can be unmounted and its storage
     reclaimed much quicker and more cheaply compared to attempting to delete the directory hierarchy.

> [NOTE]
> Feedback is very welcome, and we'd particularly love to hear opinions from potential operators on operational

> > charactaristics such as the storage details outline above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> characteristics such as the storage details outlined above.
```

## Running

A quick getting-started guide is provided below. 

### Keys

You will need:
1. An MLDSA key to be used to cosign fully mirrored checkpoints.
2. Optionally, if you want your MTC mirror to also function as a "regular" witness, an additional MLDSA key to be
   used to cosign those checkpoints.

You can generate MLDSA key pairs in the correct `vkey` format with the

> [`generate_keys`](https://github.com/transparency-dev/witness/cmd/generate_keys) command from the

Reviewer: This is a broken link.

```suggestion
[`generate_keys`](https://github.com/transparency-dev/witness/blob/main/cmd/generate_keys/main.go) command from the
```

`[witness](https://github.com/transparency-dev/witness) repo.

The command below will generate such a key pair, with an origin of "mirror.example.com/mtctest", writing the public
and private keys out to `mirror.pub` and `mirror.sec` respectively:

```bash
$ go run github.com/transparency-dev/witness/cmd/generate_keys@main \
    --mldsa \
    --origin "mirror.example.com/mtctest" \
    --out_priv mirror.sec \
    --out_pub mirror.pub
```

> [WARNING]
> Ensure that these keys are stored somewhere safe, and not in a location which could accidentally be made
> public when exporting the mirrored log data!

### Configure log access

Currently, deciding which logs are permitted to be pushed to the mirror is done with a simple JSON config file.
An example file is provided as [`example_config.json`](./example_config.json).

Edit this or create your own with appropriate entries. Then, place the config file in a suitable location.

> server.

Reviewer: Is the last word `server` from somewhere else?

Author: whoops, removed
